Add support for persistAuthorization (#34)
ad-on-is/adonis-autoswagger: README.md

    parameters: {}, // OpenAPI conform parameters that are commonly used
    headers: {}, // OpenAPI conform headers that are commonly used
  },

>   persistAuthorization: true // persist authorization between reloads onthe swagger page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  persistAuthorization: true // persist authorization between reloads on the swagger page
```
